Minor tweak to the blog post (#12473)
prettier/prettier: website/blog/2022-03-16-2.6.0.md

#### Infer parser for `.swcrc` ([#12320](https://github.com/prettier/prettier/pull/12320) by [@sosukesuzuki](https://github.com/sosukesuzuki))

> Format the [`.swcrc`](https://swc.rs/docs/configuration/swcrc) file with `json` parser.

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
Format the [`.swcrc`](https://swc.rs/docs/configuration/swcrc) file as a JSON file.
```
